NAS-100538 : Rework "SMB Share Options" table to indicate "global" is… (#798)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

   | Path                           | browse button |          | Select the pool, dataset, or directory to share. The same path can be used by more than one share.                                                   |
   |                                |               |          |                                                                                                                                                      |
   +--------------------------------+---------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Name                           | string        |          | Enter a name for this share. Existing SMB share names and the reserved name *global* are not allowed.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Name                           | string        |          | Enter a name for this share. Existing SMB share names cannot be reused, and the reserved name *global* is not allowed.          
```
